# NPNet Pipeline Usage Guide😄 

## Overview

This guide provides instructions on how to use the NPNet, a noise prompt network aims to transform the random Gaussian noise into golden noise, by adding a small desirable perturbation derived from the text prompt to boost the overall quality and semantic faithfulness of the synthesized images.

Here we provide the inference code which supports different models like ***Stable Diffusion XL, DreamShaper-xl-v2-turbo, and Hunyuan-DiT.***

## Requirements

- `python version == 3.8`
- `pytorch with cuda version`
- `diffusers`
- `PIL`
- `numpy`
- `timm`
- `argparse`
- `einops`

## Installation🚀️

Make sure you have successfully built `python` environment and installed `pytorch` with cuda version. Before running the script, ensure you have all the required packages installed. You can install them using:

```bash
pip install diffusers, PIL, numpy, timm, argparse, einops
```

## Usage👀️ 

To use the NPNet pipeline, you need to run the `npnet_pipeline.py` script with appropriate command-line arguments. Below are the available options:

### Command-Line Arguments

- `--pipeline`: Select the model pipeline (`SDXL`, `DreamShaper`, `DiT`). Default is `SDXL`.
- `--prompt`: The textual prompt based on which the image will be generated. Default is "A banana on the left of an apple."
- `--inference-step`: Number of inference steps for the diffusion process. Default is 50.
- `--cfg`: Classifier-free guidance scale. Default is 5.5.
- `--pretrained-path`: Path to the pretrained model weights. Default is a specified path in the script.
- `--size`: The size (height and width) of the generated image. Default is 1024.

### Running the Script

Run the script from the command line by navigating to the directory containing `npnet_pipeline.py` and executing:

```
python npnet_pipeline.py --pipeline SDXL --prompt "A banana on the left of an apple." --size 1024
```

This command will generate an image based on the prompt "A scenic view of the Himalayas" using the Stable Diffusion XL model with an image size of 1024x1024 pixels.

### Output🎉️ 

The script will save two images:

- A standard image generated by the diffusion model.
- A golden image generated by the diffusion model with the NPNet.

Both images will be saved in the current directory with names based on the model and prompt.

## Pre-trained Weights Download❤️

We provide the pre-trained NPNet weights of Stable Diffusion XL, DreamShaper-xl-v2-turbo, and Hunyuan-DiT with [an anonymous link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Z0wg4HADhpgrztyT3eWijPbJJN5Y2jQt?usp=drive_link)

